@W-21216935 | Documentation for AS2 v7.0.0 (#3143)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: as2/7.0/modules/ROOT/pages/as2-connector-reference.adoc

| Self config - email a| String |  Email address used as the HTTP `From` header when sending 12 messages. |  | x

| MDN Listener Mode a| Enumeration, one of:

* Mdn dedicated mode
* Mdn shared mode
a|
* Mdn dedicated mode
+
Enables you to configure a single AS2 listener endpoint to receive MDNs from one partner only.
+
If you select *Mdn dedicated mode*, check *Partner config* (mandatory) and configure the partner using the Mdn dedicated mode fields in this table.
+
* Mdn shared mode
+
Enables you to configure a single AS2 listener endpoint to receive MDNs from multiple partners.
+
If you select *Mdn shared mode*, uncheck *Partner config* (mandatory) and configure each partner using the Mdn shared mode fields in this table. |  | x
| Mdn dedicated mode - Partner Config - AS2 Partner Name a| String |  AS2 system identifier used for AS2-From and AS2-To headers. |  | x
| Mdn dedicated mode - Partner Config - x509 Alias a| String |  Certificate, private key alias, or both in the keystore. Required if using signing or encryption. | Dedicated mode|
| Mdn shared mode - Partners |  Enumeration, one of:

* Expression
* Inline

> | Indicates whether to add partner information by using an expression or by entering values inline.| Expression | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Choose whether to define partner details by using an expression or by entering values manually. | Expression | x
```

Author: No changes needed as this is inline with previous sentences for as2 listener.
